hi guys welcome to my channel so today's
video is going to be an outfit of the
day and I've decided to call this video
or this look more is more but I've just
decided yeah today I'm just going to put
on everything that I feel like putting
on so it's a bit much but it doesn't
matter something you don't have to do
what everyone else says you should do
then break some rules and mix and trends
and mix and patterns and mix and
connections and it really doesn't matter
so I'm wearing a scarf which is a
vintage Goff which I actually stole from
a friend and yes I am wearing it dating
I wearing my bag which is from Primark
it's just been the all black shiny like
and what they call this plastic Monde
and patent shiny backside bag I'm there
wearing my gold with Michael Kors watch
I'm wearing it with my denim waistcoat
moving it with a beaded swing top from a
zorse which I've actually just tucked
into the maxi skirt that you've seen
it's most gorgeous maxi skirt in love
from RushCard wearing it with frif did
belt which is amazing it was some really
cool detail on the belt and then I'm
wearing it with my platform wedges from
where these from these are from Topshop
so you guys have probably seen them a
few times you know you wouldn't
necessarily put this outfit together but
I kind of felt like I wanted to do
something about offering it's like
getting late now then the Sun kind of
setting I've got my fur shrug so put on
top of the outfit so you know having a
look at this it is really is definitely
a more is more outfit but sometimes it's
fun to just dress up and just feel free
in your clothes and just how you feel
second time and I'm feeling quiet
frivolous and boho we're squishy and
that's what I hope I live life so guys
thanks for watching my channel